change(jira-auth): change JIRA auth method to use PAT (#56)
espressif/github-actions: sync_issues_to_jira/README.md

- `JIRA_ISSUE_TYPE` (optional) the JIRA issue type for new issues. If unset, "Task" is used.
- `JIRA_COMPONENT` (optional) the name of a JIRA component to add to every issue which is synced from GitHub. The component must already exist in the JIRA project.

The following secrets are needed for the workflow:

- `JIRA_URL` is the main JIRA URL (doesn't have to be secret).
- `JIRA_USER` is the JIRA username to log in with (JIRA basic auth)

> - `JIRA_PASS` is the JIRA password to log in with (JIRA basic auth)

Reviewer: Shouldn't be?

```suggestion
- `JIRA_PASS` is JIRA token or JIRA password (JIRA basic auth) to log in with
```

Since you are using this env to store token or password in sync_issues_to_jira/sync_to_jira.py

Author: Thank you @tom-borcin , nice catch ... updated!
